[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> We ask for assistance of
the beings of the highest
frequencies of light and love,
all others we bind from us.
>> I'll say good day to
you this day of your time.
How are you all?
>> Good day to you.
We are pleased to
be here with you
on this momentous
occasion of your coming
to know more of yourself.
>> Hello, dears.
This is the ninth dimensional
pleiadian collective,
and it is a pleasure
and an honor
to have the opportunity
to connect with you.
>> It is the
beginning, is it not?
You may ask.
>> Where ancient wisdom and
modern research converge,
Divine Science emerges.
Could channeling be evidence
of a hidden connection
to realms beyond our
physical reality?
Often regarded as
a broad phenomenon,
channeling encompasses
the ability
to receive information and
energy beyond time and space,
whether as sudden,
intuitive insights,
inspired downloads
of creativity,
or deep trance states where
individuals act as conduits
for nonphysical beings.
If consciousness extends
beyond the physical,
could channeling be a
bridge to greater truths
waiting to be uncovered?
>> The soul is your higher mind.
That's the nonphysical
part of you
that then guides the
physical part of you
on its journey in
having its dream
that you call physical reality.
When I'm channeling Bashar,
it's like being caught up
in a very energetic, very
vibrant daydream with images
and feelings.
I often sort of liken it to
standing under a pounding
waterfall of energy.
I'm getting this direct
feed, but all the people
are getting in the
audience is the spray.
>> When this started happening
with me and this voice was
coming out of me and I was
totally in a trance state--
What I felt in my body as
it came in the right side
is like when you hit
your elbow and you
have that tingling sensation,
it's not very comfortable.
My whole upper body did that.
>> When I channel, I
enter a field of energy.
It's a nonphysical realm
and there's an aspect of me
that goes there, if you will.
And when I'm in that
field of energy,
my senses expand
to such a degree
where I can now pick up
information from messengers.
>> I also use the analogy that
it's like I'm driving the car,
I'm driving my vehicle.
But when I allow Bashar to make
the connection telepathically,
it's like feeling like I slide
over to the passenger seat,
now he's behind the wheel.
And I can have a separate
conversation with him
while he's talking to you.
So it's very
multidimensional in that way,
but I get a lot out of it.
It balances me, it energizes me.
What your vibration is,
is what you experience.
You cannot experience what you
are not the frequency of, this
is just physics.
You cannot experience what
you are not the vibration
of, and conversely, what you are
the frequency of is all that you
will experience.
>> Channelers and mediums
describe a range of sources,
offering a profound glimpse
into realms beyond the physical,
from spiritual guides
to cosmic archives.
While science seeks to uncover
the underlying mechanisms
that bridge these worlds.
But what or who is truly being
accessed through this process?
>> From a scientific lens, we
can't definitively prove what
the source is, but we
have some potential ideas.
It could be coming from the
higher self of the channel
medium.
It could be coming from
the unconscious mind
or a transpersonal mind.
Some people believe it's
coming from the Akashic Record.
This idea of having a vast
information of all that
is past, present, and future
that is in the nonphysical realm
that we have access to.
And then, of course, trance
channelers would say,
I'm communicating with
a distinct personality
that is nonphysical.
>> We express the
idea of Bashar,
and he expresses himself as
an extraterrestrial being.
He is a hybrid being.
He is a first contact specialist
in his extraterrestrial
civilization.
And so the information
he's bringing through
is one of the stages of making
contact with a new civilization.
>> Theo introduced themselves,
and when they came in, they
said, we are 12 archangels and
we can be known collectively
by the name Theo.
And they said we will
not identify singularly
because it is not the
messenger that is important,
it is the message.
So they've never
identified who the 12 are.
>> I have a lot of messengers.
Some of them are from what I
consider the angelic realm.
I have messengers that
do not self-identify,
and quite often I don't
even ask them, who are you,
or where are you from?
Because the information
I've received is what's key
and that's what's
important to me.
So the message is more
important than who it's from.
>> In the state of channeling,
it's possible to access
information from what most
people refer to as the Akashic
Records, which just is
another way of saying that all
information is embedded in
the matrix of space time.
And if you are in the
right frequency that
matches the frequency of the
information you're seeking,
that information will
automatically be there.
You will know it,
you'll connect to it
because it's all about
resonance and harmonics.
So it can allow you to
function telepathically
with another being who can
function on a similar wavelength
and I think that's what's
happening in my channeling
with Bashar is that
I've been trained
to take my brain to a
certain frequency level,
and he alters his brain
frequencies to become something
closer to mine.
And somewhere in the
middle we lock step.
And so what you're getting is
a translation of his thoughts
through my brain into the
language I understand.
So I'm really functioning
like a translation
device for his thoughts.
Any individual consciousness,
whether they know it or not,
is already always
plugging in and unplugging
from parallel incarnations
to download information,
experience, and
energy that they may
need for their particular
linear timeline,
while other incarnations
that simultaneously exist
may also be plugging and
unplugging into them to download
information and energy for
their particular timeline.
So it's like a dynamic
interactive network
of exchanges of energy and
information and experience going
on constantly all the
time automatically.
>> What I call the quantum
C, or field of light,
profoundly influences
channeling and channelers,
primarily because it is an
energy that has a direct effect
on the human
biosystem, biofield.
And that person evolves not
only on the physical level,
but their brainwaves evolve too.
We see amazing differences
in the mind mirror
between a person who is
grounded in physical reality
and a person who has
connected with that field.
We can absolutely pinpoint
the moment of connection.
>> To study brainwave activity,
some scientists use the mind
mirror, an EEG technology
designed to display brainwave
patterns in real time.
By visually representing
these dynamic patterns,
the mind mirror is used to
explore states of consciousness,
enhance mental clarity,
and support personal growth
through neurofeedback.
>> I've had my brainwaves
measured through EEGs
at the Monroe Institute.
In fact, I was at a
week long program called
Discovery where Judith
Pennington from the institute
for the awakened mind
uses what she calls
is the mind mirror protocol.
So while all of the participants
are hooked up to EEGs,
we then go into a
meditative state
and her brainwaves
are mapped out
in this beautiful format
that's easy to understand.
>> On the mind mirror, what we
see in the typical person is
an hourglass shaped
brainwave pattern,
where the thinking mind is in
control and busy with to do
lists and decision making.
And if it's really busy,
we see a very splayed
beta conscious mind that's
associated with stress, anxiety,
and panic.
And because that's
what's going on,
they don't have any diffuse
daydreaming alpha or the bridge
and thus access to
the deeper mind.
They will have their
radar, their delta,
because that's instinctual.
Everybody is watching
their back all the time,
thus the hourglass.
For the awakened mind, what we
see is a rounding of the beta
so that the thinking
mind is connected
to all of its different levels.
And then for gamma, we
see the awakened mind
with a big halo on
top of the head,
moving up into the
higher frequencies.
It's really uncanny how this
is like a holographic depiction
of consciousness that
we're seeing in the mind
mirror with tremendously
precise accuracy
depicts their state
of consciousness.
So when their state of
consciousness changes,
their brainwaves change.
And that's basically
how we teach
people to master
their brainwaves
to be able to access more
expanded and advanced
levels of consciousness.
>> My takeaway was
my experience itself.
My experience, I would feel
myself leaving the body.
I could feel myself
connecting with entities,
and I knew that was real.
When you're in the 5D in
those nonphysical realms,
your senses are so keen you see
what you can't see in the 3D.
It was those
extraordinary experiences
that Judith can
explain away when you
look at the brainwave activity.
But it gave me the proof to show
that what I was experiencing
was true and measurable
with science.
>> In a study with Darryl Anka,
researchers sought to uncover
the neurological changes
that occur during channeling.
They compared his
baseline state to what
happens when he channels
the entity known as Bashar.
What they discovered
raised profound questions
about the nature of
consciousness and personality.
>> We did a session
in a channeling state,
and before the channeling state
with someone who was an expert
in brainwave reading in EEG,
and my head was wired up.
And of course, the
first thing they do
is they get what
they call a baseline.
So they talk to me
as myself so that we
can see what areas of my
brain are active or inactive
during a typical conversation.
And then I went into
the channeling state,
and they would look and see
when the entity is talking,
what's happening in the brain.
In the beginning
of the channeling,
the channel was capable of
holding on to, shall we say,
or bringing through the idea of
about 1.5% to 2% of our energy.
There are several surprising
things that we've discovered
that are very different in
the brain from when I'm, quote
unquote "myself," as opposed to
when Bashar is coming through
and what I'm connecting to.
One of the things
we discovered is
there is a certain
center of the brain that
is responsible for
processing my personality
and during the channeling that
shuts off, it's not there.
So my question would be,
well, if my brain centers
that process my personality
is shut down, who's talking?
>> Another key observation
involves the set point,
a stable baseline in how the
brain processes information,
typically constant
throughout life.
Yet during channeling,
unexpected deviations
from this baseline
emerged, challenging
our understanding
of how consciousness
interacts with the brain.
>> That is never supposed to
change over your lifetime unless
you have some traumatic head
injury or something that
completely messes up your
neurology, then it will change.
But in a normal individual,
it's not supposed to change.
During the channeling,
the set point
goes up in seconds, more
so when Bashar is listening
than when he's talking.
Another feature that
goes on in the channeling
is the processing speed, that
speeds up incredibly fast so
that my brain is making more
connections than it normally
does, different connections
than it normally does,
different associations.
It's synthesizing information
in a very different way
so that it can
deliver what needs
to be delivered very quickly.
There was an analysis that was
done of the vocalizations that
come through me when I channel.
They recorded a
session, they put it
through whatever device they
were using to analyze this,
and they were saying,
there are some sounds
that are coming out of your
vocal box that are not capable,
supposedly, of being made
by a human vocal box.
I only say good day to
you this day of your time,
how are you all?
>> Another analysis performed
on Darryl Anka while channeling
Bashar is called
lexical density,
which measures how much
meaningful information is
conveyed in speech or text.
This method examines the balance
between essential content
and less significant words,
providing fascinating insights
into the clarity and
depth of information
during his channeling sessions.
>> Their computer scale
was basically 1 to 10,
10 being the most information
in the fewest words,
1 being the least amount of
information and the most words.
They said Bashar's information
went beyond the scale.
They couldn't measure it
because the way he communicates
gives so much information very
efficiently in as few words as
possible.
Learning never
ends, growing never
ends because it never began.
It just is.
That's the nature of existence
to be all that it is.
And it is infinite and eternal.
When someone asks a question,
he delivers the answer totally,
all at once in a holistic bite.
Then it's simply unspooling
over time into my language,
my brain is acting as
the unspooling mechanism.
So the entire answer
is already there,
so it's not like he has to
think about what he's saying.
It's just like,
here's the answer.
And then my mouth and my brain
are going a, b, c, d, e, f, g.
And that's why it's just
recording what's already there.
There's no time to stop and go,
oh, let me think about that.
So those are all the analysis
that have been done to date
and so it's very interesting
to see definitely
that channeling is a
definitely altered state,
and that there are
very different things
happening in the brain when a
channeling session takes place.
>> Changes in brain activity
are only part of the story.
During the channeling state,
measurable physiological shifts
such as changes in
the nervous system
offer deeper insights
into the connection
between mind and body.
>> When we look at the
physiology of trance channelers
during the channeling state,
most studies show an activation
of the nervous system, meaning
like a fight or flight response.
They have increased
adrenaline, noradrenaline,
increased heart rate,
increased muscular tone.
Most studies have shown this
hyperactivation, if you will,
of the nervous system.
These hyperactive
findings in the physiology
of trance channelers
is quite interesting
because often they need to go
into a relaxed meditative type
state to get into
the channeling state.
So it seems counterintuitive
that their physiology
would be hyperactive during the
actual trance channeling itself.
>> There's a big difference
between a channeler who is
speaking what's
received out loud,
and a channeler who's
sitting in silent meditation,
and the channeler who's
actually speaking.
They're going to be
exhilarated by the energies
and the information coming in
and just the act of speaking
is going to raise
the heart rate.
The differences in demeanor
when a channel suddenly
shifts to a deeper voice or
a different way of holding
the body, literally has
to do with the energy
of, in that case,
an entity that's
coming to and through them.
>> Now, the body itself
can indeed transition,
can indeed transition to a
level of tone where it may be
in coherence, where it may be in
coherence with the upper realms,
with the upper realms.
But the senses must align,
but the senses must align.
The identity must
align, the identity must
align to knowing who
and what you truly are,
to know who and
what you truly are.
>> It really can't be anything
else because if the quantum sea
of light is
undifferentiated energy,
then it has to be
the personality,
the sole consciousness of a
specific entity that would wreak
that change on a person.
>> The channeler doesn't
change the voice,
the energy changes the voice
because it is a different
energy, it's a
different personality,
and it does actually make
physical changes in the body.
It can alter the voice box,
it can alter the expression
on the face.
It can alter the
tone of the voice
because the human brain is
trying to make sense out
of what it's connecting to.
And a lot of times there will
be what sounds like an accent,
but it's really the
human brain trying
to make sense out of what it
feels is foreign coming through.
And also the entity itself may
be stressing certain things that
then come out in unusual
ways, in ways that we're not
typically used to speaking.
So the changes
that do take place
are the result of trying to
allow a different frequency
of energy in a
different personality
to express itself in a way
that makes sense for it, that
allows it to come
through more smoothly.
And oftentimes that just results
in the typical personality
getting out of the way
and allowing the changes
to happen that are necessary
for the other entity
to express itself clearly.
>> We enjoy the experience
of the human body,
which we have not had.
We are aware of the
sensory perceptivities
that this vehicle allows.
Periodically there
is adjustments,
let's say, to those
frequencies and vibrations
for the ease and grace
of communication.
>> We thank you for allowing
us, in this co-creation,
to share this idea of the
connection of two worlds,
physical and nonphysical in
this endeavor of open contact.
And we encourage you to
accelerate this activity as you
go forward in your lives.
>> Scientific testing and
validation are essential
for understanding
phenomena like channeling,
which challenges
traditional perspectives.
Through rigorous
study, science can
provide credibility
and insight, helping
to expand awareness and
foster greater acceptance
of this extraordinary practice.
>> There is limited science
around trance channeling,
and yet I'm an advocate
for a great deal more.
This language of
science can really
open the worldview
of many people
who would outright dismiss it
as impossible, or too fringe,
or completely made up, or
even, at the worst case,
some mental health pathology.
So using the
language of science,
we can really help open people's
awareness to this phenomenon
and discover more about it.
>> Without scientific
testing, measurements,
validation that channeling
would still be in the dark ages
of devil worship.
I mean, it's only when,
I guess, 10 years ago
that people started
to pay attention
to the workings of the brain
and validate that there were
changes, things are
actually happening
that people began to say,
oh, so your brainwave changes
and your state of
consciousness are related.
And once they made
that connection,
then more people
ultimately became
willing to test
it for themselves
because a trust grew out
of that scientific study.
>> But I do think that
scientists have to incorporate
consciousness in
their equations.
It has to be considered
an actual tangible field
that we all interact
with, and that it
is first before physicality
so that they can understand
that all things that
are happening in physics
come from the level of
consciousness first.
>> When consciousness is
the foundation of reality,
shaping the physical world from
a higher nonphysical blueprint,
what does this say
about our own potential?
>> We propose that
everybody, all humans,
have the capacity to
channel in some way,
and that the way that it shows
up for them is unique to them
and they can, through their
own personal intention,
setting the intention that
they would like to develop
their channeling abilities
and setting aside,
even if it's just a few minutes
a day to sit in stillness
and quiet to go internally and
ask for that to be strengthened
can begin to develop their
own channeling ability.
>> You all have a truth
barometer within you.
It's a visceral experience.
You have the ability to
receive guidance consistently
in the asking and in
the asking it is given.
Be open to receive.
>> Increased study of these
states would wake up the entire
world and start a whole new
age of self-understanding,
self-awareness,
self-development,
self-evolution.
I hope the day will
come when that happens.
Right now it's
just a sprinkling,
but someday it may be a deluge
of interest and understanding
of the realization that if
you want to fix the world,
we have to fix ourselves first.
>> Bashar said that
from their perspective,
interacting with us is like
watching a 7-foot tall person
trying to stuff themselves
into a 1-foot tall box.
We limit ourselves so much when
we have so much more potential.
We're so much bigger
than what we think.
So they perceive us that
way and they understand
Earth as a challenging school.
But we are powerful
spirits who have decided
to come into this
challenging school
because he's saying
they don't see us
as a bunch of
kindergartners, they see us
as a master graduating class.
>> As scientific inquiry
explores what lies beyond
the physical, channeling emerges
as a bridge connecting us
to unseen realms at an inherent
universal consciousness.
Could this profoundability
unlock how much more
we are truly capable of?
Join us for more episodes
on Divine Science,
where we continue exploring the
crossroads of modern research
and ancient wisdom.